Artifact docs (#4855)
optuna/optuna: docs/source/reference/artifacts.rst

.. module:: optuna.artifacts

optuna.artifacts
================

> The :mod:`~optuna.artifacts` module defines the artifacts store interface.

Reviewer: nit: How about changing it like below?

```suggestion
The :mod:`~optuna.artifacts` module provides the way to manage artifacts (output files) in Optuna.
```
